---
layout: article
title: Meetings
date: 2023-11-26 18:51 -0600
category: posts
author: Camellia Server Staff
description: Review staff meetings and recordings (if provided).
permalink: camellia-server/:title
---
## Camellia Server

### 12/22/23 Recap

Recap of December public meeting

> "I made it mandatory that we submit a contribution forum for every 4 months.- So if you don't contribute anything in 4 months; that means you don't submit a contribution forum, it's most likely you get a staff warning or penalty and your next penalty will be full demotion."
>
> \-Papertek

This change is in an attempt to encourage staff that are inactive or not helping/supporting the server, while most work is being done by a few people. It was also mentioned and taken into consideration that not everyone will be able to help out or has the availability to do so. This is why one forum is required every 4 months, we feel 4 months is plenty of time to submit at least one and if not having at least some form of communication with staff about your situation will ensure your placement in the staff team. These changes along with updated staff guidelines will take effect on January 1st, 2024.> "I'm thinking of opening a Ko-fi for this server for compensation and event funding, we'll probably get like $20 so it's probably gonna mostly go to event funding."

> "I'm thinking of opening a Ko-fi for this server for compensation and event funding, we'll probably get like $20 so it's probably mostly gonna go to event funding."
>
> \-Papertek

We have opened a Ko-fi page for camellia server to help with events, paid bot features, and possible mod compensation. The main focus is with events and bots and compensation will only happen if Ko-fi is very successful. If it is successful we will have a bounty system where mods are able to input their price for the work that they accomplished. This is still a rough idea and will be expanded upon if we see a rise in the Ko-fi. The donations to Ko-fi will also contribute only to the discord server.

> "In my designs or plans for revamping the server JP announcements doesn't exist anymore. I've been thinking of retiring that channel completely in order to make things more simple and maybe combining the EN and JP into one simpler channel. -- i think we should keep things the way they are now and then talk to camellia about it" "
>
> \-Papertek

#### Other Notable Topics:

We have removed the roles: Channel Judge, Minecraft Helper, and Event Organizer and condensed them to "Community Contributor" 

We have also pruned any user's who haven't interacted with discord in over 30 days, no users were banned and if you were affect you can join back at any time.

Announcement pings have been changed so only camellia monthly posts and important events are @everyone and all other announcements will be to each ping role accordingly

## J-Music Staff Coalition

### 11/26/23 Recap

Overview of the event chart for people that missed it.

![Professional Event Chart](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1158188418824683623/1178495479403794603/k3WlZOz.png?ex=65765a71&is=6563e571&hm=f1d21ceea858b9b3c8ecc6907b0cab7d74fe1d709b3bd69414299c306eb6f0cd&)

* Each member showed no disagreement on the event chart above.
* We discussed inviting the Adocord Event staff into the server. We will seperate them from the normal staff members due to them not being fully integrated within the Adocord's main staff team.
* We need to think of server events that unify us, which is why Adocord event staff are invited to join. More discussion on this will come at a later time.
* Game nights, streamer games were mentioned a little.

> We have also determined that there will be bias for events in general due to seperate interests. Judges will focus on community and objective thinking by reviewing all the submissions unified in the JMSC.
> {: .disclaimer}

### 10/1/23 Recap

The second meeting.

> "\[The JMSC is] going to be a place where the staff teams of our servers and potentially more servers in the future \[collaborate]. \[We could] choose to be in this place and basically \[share our] knowledge with each other so that we are all more prepared to deal with situations in the future. We could also get everyone up-to-date on major dramas in the overall community."
>
> \-David, Admin of Camellia's Official Server.

Server owners of the meeting start relaying opinions from their staff teams about the JMSC. Staff members of the Camellia Discord are already happy with the idea. Right now, the server is only open to the Admins/Owners of Ado Hangout, Inabakumori Station, and Camellia's Official Server.

> "I talked a little about it with our team. Generally, the opinion we have is "ehh". We're not like too in support nor are we against because we don't mind being apart of this at all. But, we don't see much of a point so I guess we would like some clarification of the positives that come from this."
>
> \-Justin, owner of Inbakumori Station.

The positives are discussed and a summary is listed below:

* Getting easier connections with other big communities.
* Sharing a list of names of people to watch out for.
* More communication between our staff teams.
* Sharing resources. Bots, programming.
* Sharing information with each other.
* Possible staff lectures.
* Server event sharing.

Server admins have a general agreement on the connection and advice side of the JMSC. After discussion, more members are on board with the idea and the JMSC starts to take shape. Only staff members will be invited to this server, the server is kept private until it was determined "ready". The server will have manual verification. The old plans and ideas of the JMSC (formally the Artists' Network) are scrapped in favor for the new direction.

The meeting goes off-topic the majority of the time as discussion of the main topics have concluded.